well howdy there internet people it's
bubble again so now that I have
everybody's attention let's move on to
what we're talking about and that is
what we're talking about but there's a
little more to it right now
the country has swung to the right and
it's starting to swing back okay as it
swings back we say stuff like well we
won't have returned to normal we want to
return to the way things were before
Trump the pre Trump era but we need to
stop for a second is that really what we
want we're things really the way we
wanted them under Bush under Obama under
Clinton yeah they're better than Trump
but is that what we want or do we use
that momentum when that pendulum starts
to swing back to go a little bit further
to create something better that's what I
would suggest we should do and in order
to do that we have to question things
that we believe the reality is there is
absolutely no evidence to suggest that
long prison sentences do anything to
deter crime not that evidence does not
exist and that's just one facet of the
things we need to work on we need to
look at we need to come up with new
ideas about criminal justice reform
needs to take place and it needs to be
pretty heavy we have to tell a lot that
we have to do there I would suggest that
even though when it swings back I would
assume that some substances that are
currently illegal will become legal
others won't what are we going to do
with those people those people that are
selling we're gonna lock them up
continue the war on drugs in a way even
though it's failed or do we come up with
something new
perhaps take the money that would be
spent walking them up and reinforcing
the idea of might makes right take that
money and put it into treatment and then
have those people nonviolent offenders
doing community service there
we have to have a blueprint to move
forward we have to start thinking about
the stuff now we can't wait until the
momentum is gone when it swings back is
the time to start talking about this
stuff and it's the time to act but in
order to come up with that blueprint we
have to start questioning this stuff now
today and yeah I I chose stone because I
was fairly certain I was gonna get the
reaction it did and to be honest though
to be very clear I do believe that's an
excessive sentence I do however I
probably could have framed it a little
bit better if I didn't want to provoke a
little bit of a reaction on this one
it's probably one of the most important
things we can do right now as we wait
for everything to settle for the dust to
settle for the the stars to align and
for things to start moving back towards
the arc of justice we need to come up
with a plan we have to figure out what
we're going to do and I would suggest if
we are going to create a just society
fixing the failures in our criminal
justice system should be pretty near the
top of the list anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night